# (1) explain how the benefits and burdens (or costs) were distributedÉ*Created: Monday, August 1, 2022 at 9:00:12?PM*<div><b><u><span style="font-size: 22px">(1) explain how the benefits and burdens (or costs) were distributed among the various parties, and thenĘ</span></u></b><b><u><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></u></b></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></div>
<div><u><span style="font-size: 22px">Unocal decided to invest in the project. The company felt that the benefits to itself and the people of Burma and Thailand outweighed the risks. Moreover, the company would later assert, &quotengagement&quot rather than &quotisolation&quot was &quotthe proper course to achieve social and political change in developing countries with repressive governments... Based on nearly four decades of experience in Asia, [Unocal] believes that engagement is by far the more effective way to strengthen emerging economies and promote more open societies.&quot Unocal was attracted to Burma for several reasons. First, labor was cheap and relatively educated. Second, Burma was rich in natural gas resources. Third, Burma was an entry point into other international markets, particularly in and around Southeast Asia. Finally the political environment was extremely stable. Burma suffers a high infant mortality rate (87 deaths per 1000 live births) and a low life expectancy (53 years for males and 56 for females). The natural gas project would provide significant benefits to the impoverished nation.The only real problem the company saw with the project was that the government of Burma is a military dictatorship accused of violating the human rights of the Burmese people. In 1988, after crushing major countrywide pro-democracy demonstrations, Burma's military had seized power and made the State Law and Order Restoration Council (SLORC) head of the government. The SLORC, which was made up of 19 senior military officers, imposed martial law on the country.Ę</span></u><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></b></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></b></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 22px">	</span></b><span style="font-size: 22px">When viewing the </span><span style="font-size: 22px">c</span><span style="font-size: 22px">ase</span><span style="font-size: 22px"> from the Justice ethical approach we can look through multiple positions. The component of general public safety, circulation of advantages that the general public had when Unocal started up their operation. When you think through the punishment side, ethically the disruption in the law or guidelines posed to the general public we can see that Unocal cared simply about their profits before stabilization and creation of opportunities for the general public.Ę</span></div>
<div><u><span style="font-size: 22px">Utilitarianism. As a theory of justice, utilitarianism holds that all human actions (as well as those of a state) are virtuous, moral, and just when they contribute to achieving general happiness. Hence, actions are judged based on their consequences. Actions detrimental to general happiness are considered unjust.</span></u><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px">Ę</span></div>
<div><u><span style="font-size: 22px">When individuals are deciding what to do for themselves alone, they consider only their own utility. For example, if you are choosing ice cream for yourself, the utilitarian view is that you should choose the flavor that will give you the most pleasure.</span></u><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></div>
<div><u><span style="font-size: 22px">Perhaps the greatest difficulty with utilitarianism is that it fails to take into account considerations of justice. We can imagine instances where a certain course of action would produce great benefits for society, but they would be clearly unjust.</span></u><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px">	It is unjust that the burdens the government of Burma carried due to military dictatorship and accusation of violating human rights of Burmese people. On the other hand, the justification is that Burma had cheap labor, rich natural gas resources and an entry way into international markets with Unocal trying to tap into BurmaŐs resources but the unjust portion came from the political side due to extreme instability in the general public. </span></div>
