# 2. What type of impact did this have on you? It could be positiveè*Created: Friday, January 13, 2023 at 2:46:21?PM*<div><b><span style="font-size: 19px">2. What type of impact did this have on you? It could be positive or negative.</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">I used to think that Apple as a brand is overhyped until I saw this ad. It left me inspired Å more than the Apple products, I was inspired by the marketing &amp creative team that came up with this brilliant ad. The ad was so powerful, it has left an everlasting impression on me and my respect for the brand has only increased.òò</span></div>
<ol>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">Why do you think this ad campaign had this type of effect?ò</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></li>
</ol>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">Because it's ØDIFFERENTÆ Å the vintage style, the simple &amp precise story, the powerful message at the end, everything about the ad is brilliant. The ad &amp the background music are able to make an immediate emotional connection with the audience. Anyone can relate to the famous personalities shown in the ad, but the story narrated is something one would have never heard of - &quot howòthese crazy ones dared toò</span><b><span style="font-size: 19px">think differentò</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px">&amp thus were able to change the world/humanity for good.ò Throughout the ad there has not been a single display of any of the innovative Apple's products, yet the message at the end comes across clear and strong - &quotThink Different&quot and that is what Apple does. The viewers are left inspired - by the brand, it's slogan &amp left motivated - to be different, to take different choices in life.ò</span></div>
