# BarillaÕs Case*Created: Friday, July 15, 2022 at 3:31:45?PM*<div><b><u><h1>Ba</h1></u></b><b><u><h1>rilla</h1></u></b><b><u><h1>Õs Case</h1></u></b><b><u><h1><br></h1></u></b></div>
<div><b><u><br></u></b></div>
<div><br></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 19px">1.</span></b><b><span style="font-size: 19px"> </span></b><b><span style="font-size: 19px">Diagnose the causes of the difficulties that the JITD program was created to solve. What are </span></b><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">the benefits of this program?</span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">ANS: </span><span style="font-size: 19px">Some of the reasons why JITD program was introduced were the following:</span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><font face="LastResort"><span style="font-size: 19px">?</span></font><span style="font-size: 19px">Difficulties in demand fluctuations or variation in demand</span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><font face="LastResort"><span style="font-size: 19px">?</span></font><span style="font-size: 19px">Poor relationship or communication between the Barilla SpA and the distributors.</span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><font face="LastResort"><span style="font-size: 19px">?</span></font><span style="font-size: 19px">Extreme high workload on the Barilla logistics system and manufacturing team.</span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><font face="LastResort"><span style="font-size: 19px">?</span></font><span style="font-size: 19px">Inefficiency in the manufacturing process due to the high variation in demand</span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">Due to the following reasons, the company thought that it would be wise to introduce the </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">JITD program. This will help the company to have an upper hand in terms of competitive </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">position and will also contribute towards the development of the company and the </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">distributors.</span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">Some of the benefits of this program would be:</span></div>
<div><font face="LastResort"><span style="font-size: 19px">?</span></font><span style="font-size: 19px">Produce the actual quantity in demand to reduce or avoid the loss of inventory and waste. </span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><font face="LastResort"><span style="font-size: 19px">?</span></font><span style="font-size: 19px">Cost can be reduced by predicting actual demand. The company doesnÕt have to store a lot</span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">of inventory which in turn reduces the cost to the company.</span></div>
<div><font face="LastResort"><span style="font-size: 19px">?</span></font><span style="font-size: 19px">This program will let the company understand the peopleÕs affiliations towards certain </span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">products depending on the season or the product.</span></div>
<div><font face="LastResort"><span style="font-size: 19px">?</span></font><span style="font-size: 19px">Lead time can be reduced</span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><font face="LastResort"><span style="font-size: 19px">?</span></font><span style="font-size: 19px">Proper planning between the distributors and the company can tackle the issue of bull </span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">whip effect on the whole supply chain</span></div>
<div><font face="LastResort"><span style="font-size: 19px">?</span></font><span style="font-size: 19px">Company will be able to better manage and meet the needs of the customers and the </span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">distributors.</span></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 19px">2.</span></b><b><span style="font-size: 19px"> </span></b><b><span style="font-size: 19px">What conflicts or barriers internal to Barilla does JITD create? What causes these conflicts? </span></b><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">If you were Giorgio Maggiali, how would you deal with this?</span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">ANS: </span><span style="font-size: 19px">The possible conflicts and causes internal to Barilla that JITD creates, can be the </span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">following:</span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">Before any program is introduced at any company, there will be a scrutinization of the </span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">program and a formal approval needs to be taken from all the departments that will be </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">affected by the program. This process can be time consuming</span></div>
<div><font face="LastResort"><span style="font-size: 19px">?</span></font><span style="font-size: 19px">The new program might be resisted by the sales representatives because it can reduce their</span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">duties. They will be given less importance and it will also affect their commission.</span></div>
<div><font face="LastResort"><span style="font-size: 19px">?</span></font><span style="font-size: 19px">The company management is not sure about the cost reduction with the new system.</span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><font face="LastResort"><span style="font-size: 19px">?</span></font><span style="font-size: 19px">Apart from the sales representatives, even the distributors might find it difficult to </span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">inculcate the new program since their opinions are not heard. Due to this the distributors </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">can have uncertainty about the new program.</span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">As Giorgio Maggiali, this is how I would deal with these situations:</span></div>
<div><font face="LastResort"><span style="font-size: 19px">?</span></font><span style="font-size: 19px">Convince all the concerned departments by showing them the benefits of introducing the </span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">JITD program. It will be easier to implement the program if everyone is aware about the </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">implementation and other important details.</span><br></div>
<div><br></div>
<div><b><u><br></u></b></div>
<div><b><u><br></u></b></div>
<div>Before implementing the just in time distribution approach Barilla would face some problems which might play a role of hurdle. Like for example first a formal approval needs to be taken from all the concern bodies that actually plan the supply chain framework. These internal bodies would for sure have a detail look at the possible pros and cons of the approach and would recommend the changes or it might be a possibility that they might not approve the idea. ĘFurthermore the people belong to marketing and sales department would found them less competitive in predicting the sales for future because the implementation of this system would eliminate one of the major responsibilities of the sales forces which might result in reduction of motivation. This would also reduce the commissions for the sales staff because from now on they will not be able to push the products towards the distributors. Additionally the efforts of marketing and sales would also suffer because after the implementation of this system the distributors will not enjoy the benefits of trade promotions or bulk buying. Another threat to the Barilla would be the empty space at the distributors ware house which would for sure be filled by the BarillaÕs competitors. ĘThis spacing issue might hurt the sales of BarillaÕs products because to regulate the inventory the distributor would also push the competitorÕs product in the market which would for sure reduce the sales of Barillas products.<br></div>
<div><br></div>
<div>As the director of logistics Giorgio Maggiali must draft this system by looking upon all the perspectives.ĘFirstĘof all he must satisfy all the concern departments by drafting the exceptional strategy for implementing the just in time distribution approach. Furthermore Maggiali must have a detail meeting with marketing and sales people to take them on board for excellent mutual understating. Maggiali must also take the important distributors on board for their input and then run this approach as a pilot project on initial basis. Maggiali must make the distributors realize that by working through this system they would reduce their inventory management cost and can also supply fresh stock to the market.</div>
<div>By working on these suggested actions a successful just in time approach could be implemented in the Barilla. for the proper formulationĘ of theĘstrategyĘall the channel members need to be taken on board so that all the issues can be aligned and all the possible hurdles can be removed. In this channelĘĘ the most important member is the distributor whom should be given the extra importance because he would be the one who pushes the product in the market.</div>
<div>As one of Barilla's customers, what would your response to JITD be?Ę Why?</div>
<div><br></div>
<div>Being an independent distributor, just in time distribution would benefit in reducing the inventory management cost for him but there is another factor that might make him think twice before adopting this system. ĘAn independent distributor must take it as an advantage from his perspective because this might allow him to have an extra space on his warehouse shelfÕs which can be given to other companies or competitors. This will simply reduce the stress of the over stocking from the shoulders of the distributor. Furthermore he would be able to receive fresh stock on regular basis. For example being a customer one would keep the inventory of 3 weeks but after implementing the just in time distribution approach he would be able to keep the inventory of only one week and as his stock reduces to the agreed level, the new supply would be delivered to that distributor. ĘUsing this approach would help the distributor to keep a proper check on inventory control and moreover it would help him to audit it regularly from both inventory and financial perspectives.<br></div>
<div><br></div>
<div><br></div>
<div>The biggest concern towards the Barilla is that being its customer, it is really difficult to provide access to the sales data because of confidentiality purposes. The reason for this concern is that, no one would wish to allow a 2ndĘperson to come and control their inventory and predict the forecast.ĘCompletely relying on the just in time distribution approach would raise the issues like sometime there might be over inventory issues or sometimes there might be under stocking issue. These issues would give birth to the conflicts between the Barilla and its customers.Ę This system can be implemented initially at the super markets by taking all channel members on board, and after the implementation if these markets feel that they are free from the responsibility of maintaining and ordering stock so thisĘsystemĘcan be implemented everywhere.</div>
