# Dear Professor, Pozner, I received the email below from One Stop notifying╔*Created: Tuesday, September 20, 2022 at 9:41:18?PM*<div>Dear Professor, Pozner, I received the email below from One Stop notifying me that I am no longer eligible for financial aid that I was counting on for an next term because my GPA has dropped just below three. Oh. I am hoping to please speak with you in the next few days over zoom so I can ask you for advice on how to best handle the situation. Unfortunately, without financial aid, I am unable to pay for classes, and therefore complete the term. This is incredibly disconcerting, given that I am just a few months away from graduation and have invested an enormous amount of time and money into this program. Part of the reason that my GPA dipped to number number is because I along with many of my cohort were penalized for working together in the supply chain class last term. Because members from my group had worked with others. Our entire group was penalized the same amount. Because of this, my GPA did below 3.0. However, there are other reasons that my GPA was around the 3.0 range in the first place. I suffer from severe anxiety and and take and am prescribed medication for it. As you may know, I was born in Ukraine and have a lot of family there. When the war in Ukraine begin earlier this year, it severely impacted me emotionally and made it difficult to concentrate on school and work. Have this not happened, I would likely have had an even higher GPA prior to that issue with supply chain.  additionally, my stress and anxiety has been exacerbated lately, because of a lack of sleep, given that I have a newborn and because of increasing demands at home and at work. I am hoping that this would allow me some grace in the eyes of the administration, and that  they will be able to grant some sort of exemption so that I can continue and complete this program. GPA I cannot raise my GPA and become eligible for financial aid again if I cannot take classes next term since my aid will be revoked. Therefore, I am in a catch 22 and Išm hoping you can. Please advise. Please let me know if there is a time thatšs most convenient for you. This week . I would be very appreciative of your time and help. Sincerely, Leon</div>
