# edd: 0423865Lb@*Created: Saturday, December 5, 2020 at 3:35:38?PM*<div><h1>edd: 0423865Lb@</h1></div>
<div>ID.me: 0423865Lb@</div>
<div>IDME-N81M-SXH3-JZSO</div>
<div><br></div>
<div><br></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 19px">EDD ONLY:</span></b><br></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px">Because of Covid SurveyMonkey had company wide layoffs in multiple departments including mine. In the beginning of Covid jobs were spared and now as we are leading to the holidays after the company had a poor 3rd quarter performance they could not sustain the workforce and had to reduce it. </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px">When Covid hit in March I was the top salesperson on my team and as the months went on the businesses stopped buying our product and it slowed down my sales. </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 22px">Referral for Jack: </span></b><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px">Jack is someone who would add value to any company that he works for. He is consistent, focused, and willing to encourage his team to perform to the best of their abilities. He also brings a lot of great energy and charisma to everyone he interacts with, and he has a passion for sharing his best practices with others. </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px">RAPID MODEL - 1. who recommends, who must agree 3. how input is handled 4. how decisions are made and 5. who performs the actionables. </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px">Insights, information reveals a need or appeals to a buyer, articulate differentiators, and unique solutions, value &amp differentiators, what is different between you and your company like customer service, people, specific and not cliche, research the company, research the competition, make a list of the top features, benefits, map features, and benefits to customer and problems and solution, describe how your solutions impact the customer's business, differentiators differences. </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 22px">insidesales.com</span><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></div>
<div>the aa.isp.org<br></div>
<div> Braintrust101.com</div>
