# Feb 11,2020 @ 7:30pm.*Created: Tuesday, February 11, 2020 at 6:19:00?PM*<div><h1>Feb 11,2020 @ 7:30pm. </h1></div>
<div><h1><br></h1></div>
<div><h1>I've been thinking that I should probably write you a card, but it's easy when I write to these type of marks in your kind it's connected to a poetic sensual sensitivity. It's easy to distract your abilities. ItŐs something IŐve seen in me. You helped be my reflection. A mirror into my soul, a bonded sense of all my cold calling moments. You were on the other line. You heard my plea. Yes, you said I can see... the emotional bond weŐve been building. I been on a high rise of your empire foundation that you began building without me first. Then I joined YOU. How easy does it end there when you can see one each for who they are. So easy to confuse miracles with vibrational emotions of interconnected unity. Outpouring of you my love!! You're my adorable love. See how easy it is repeat yourself when you mean it? </h1></div>
<div><br></div>
<div>I just want to talk to you dear. I've been so caught up in my own mind and you in yours that sometimes we don't dedicate enough time for one another. This needs to change. I feel like you are my journal and I can get off the pen and pad and you'll still be listening.  Oh, my Valentine's, you are my sweet and amazing young wife. It's going to be 4 years. And you know what they say when a president is a good president? They chant, yell and throw their fists in the air and 4 more years!! 4 more years. But see that's on this reality dear. What about all the other realities out there? You know that their is at least 33 levels to the earth? This is according to the Buddhist Teachings. But I know for a fact there's at least 11:11! You're my wish upon thy glory I'm thy name. I beam lighting into my morning roar. And afternoon delight by the campire on our anniversary. Truly we made a connection so rare we called our daughter by a unique name. Ella</div>
<div> </div>
<div><b>Meaning:</b><br></div>
<div><b>Ella</b> means &quotgoddess&quot in <b>Hebrew</b>. Another source proposes it as a short form of Eleanor and Ellen, which means &quotlight.&quot It can also mean &quotbeautiful fairy woman&quot in English. The <b>name</b> is now taken as a variant of Ellen, and also a possible nickname to other <b>names</b> with a strong el-sound in them.</div>
<div><br></div>
<div>You know this reminds me of a journal. I think a personal journal that we will keep open and exchange our pleasantries when stars align. You can share them here! I started it. Your goal is to continue the process. It's perfect as we would always be connected! </div>
<div><br></div>
<div>This is really cool. I'm so proud of you! So damn proud. You've been through so much and stayed level headed and connected to the foundation your grandparents and parents outlined for you. See how correct they were? </div>
<div><br></div>
<div>Will continue this later.</div>
<div><br></div>
<div>Feb 14, 2020 @ 7:26pm. </div>
<div><br></div>
<div>This is why we keep journals. It helps us recollect ones thoughts. Bring peace to ones mind. </div>
