# From Garrett:Also The bid automation thing is pretty awesome man╔*Created: Tuesday, March 10, 2026 at 10:13:02?PM*<div>From Garrett:Also The bid automation thing is pretty awesome man. Just need to find out how to get bids in there. I connected to the building connected API, but it won't show me any bids in their system. We have to get invited to them and then post them on our page so we gotta figure out how to aggregate the data but dude we got this so we'll try to figure out how to do. You wanna start our own little company outside of ether AI our own little like I don't know our own little thing. Let me know what your thoughts are man and then also let's get a contract going and figure out a centralized account that you and I can start building our stuff in so we can Collab. Yeah, manFROM ME:yes, dude looks really cool! let me dig into that a little bit yes, itšs very exclusive it might be a problem with compliance! yes, dude! i have been literally talking about this dude we can easily do this with your tools/with my sales/marketing skills this is totally doable and we are more agile and can actually do this! we can make 5k each for sure helping these businesses like 5 employees just need you to do sales/marketing with me and i can do vice versa on the build i and you need to stabilized with something consistent with work then itšs a lot more doable to reinvest into our business! what is the name keep is simple as hell Feel like we are vibe building/coding/marketing/selling!@ lol </div>
