# Identify the property management companies identify in charge of managingÉ*Created: Tuesday, October 17, 2023 at 12:03:42?PM*<ul>
<li><span style="font-size: 17px">Ide</span><span style="font-size: 17px">ntify t</span><span style="font-size: 17px">he </span><span style="font-size: 17px">property </span><span style="font-size: 17px">man</span><span style="font-size: 17px">agement</span><span style="font-size: 17px"> </span><span style="font-size: 17px">comp</span><span style="font-size: 17px">anies id</span><span style="font-size: 17px">entify </span><span style="font-size: 17px">in cha</span><span style="font-size: 17px">rge of</span><span style="font-size: 17px"> managi</span><span style="font-size: 17px">ng por</span><span style="font-size: 17px">tfolios </span><span style="font-size: 17px"><br></span></li>
</ul>
<div><span style="font-size: 17px"><br></span></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 17px">Origina</span></b><b><span style="font-size: 17px">l</span></b><b><span style="font-size: 17px">:</span></b><span style="font-size: 17px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 17px">I've had the pleasure of collaborating with Haste Multifamily for a few years. They're highly professional, making our projects a pleasant experience for us and our tenants. Currently, we have multiple ongoing projects with them. Their team is transparent and dedicated to finishing projects on time and within budget. Win-win approach that other contractors should emulate.</span><span style="font-size: 17px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 17px"><br></span></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 17px">New</span></b><b><span style="font-size: 17px">: </span></b><span style="font-size: 17px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 17px">I have had the privilege of collaborating with Haste Multifamily over the past few years. Their high level of professionalism has consistently made our projects a pleasant experience for both us and our tenants. Currently, we are engaged in multiple ongoing projects together. The team at Haste Multifamily is transparent and committed to completing projects punctually and within budgetŃa win-win approach that sets a commendable benchmark for other contractors in the industry.</span><span style="font-size: 17px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 17px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 17px"><br></span></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 17px">Origina</span></b><b><span style="font-size: 17px">l:</span></b><span style="font-size: 17px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 18px">I highly recommend Haste Multifamily and itsĘfounder Murad Rakhamimov. They do incredible work - on budget, on time, responsive, address issues as they come up, and are ready to take on new projects. Having a partner who delivers in all stages of a project is key. Especially a partner who understands how to perform professionally with multifamily housing and all of the residents - includingĘperformingĘwindow rehabs while the tenants are still living in their homes. Haste Multifamily is that partner. The window upgrades they have performed get the highest accolades from our clients and we greatly appreciate all of their hard work and dedication to make that happen. -- Kelly Knutsen, VP of Sales, Bright Power</span><span style="font-size: 22px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 17px"><br></span></div>
<div><b><span style="font-size: 17px">N</span></b><b><span style="font-size: 17px">ew</span></b><b><span style="font-size: 17px">:</span></b><span style="font-size: 17px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">I wholeheartedly recommend Haste Multifamily and its founder, Murad Rakhamimov, for their outstanding work. They deliver on budget and on schedule, with an impressive responsiveness to challenges. Their expertise in multifamily housing, especially executing window rehabs with tenants in residence, is top-notch. The window upgrades they've spearheaded receive high praise from our clients, showcasing their dedication to excellence. Their contributions significantly elevate our projects, making them a highly valued partner. -- Kelly Knutsen, VP of Sales, Bright Power</span></div>
