# Kumar*Created: Monday, October 24, 2022 at 9:04:48?PM*<div><b><span style="font-size: 23px"><h1>Kumar</h1></span></b><span style="font-size: 16px"><h1><br></h1></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 16px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 16px">Dear Kumar,</span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 16px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 16px">I hope this email finds you well. IŐm reaching out because there is something you should know about one of my team members. There is one person who is not contributing enough and not showing up to some meetings. We have been giving him feedback on this, but it has been mostly ignored. </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 16px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 16px">Your class is incredibly important to me because itŐs one of the critical components of my business school education and is so important to my career growth. It is also imperative that I do well in your class since, as you know, I have been placed on academic probation due to my GPA dipping just below a 3.0, and I am working hard to earn AŐs - especially this term. That is one of the reasons that I completed my section of our team project weeks in advance, sharing it with the group and requesting feedback.</span><u><span style="font-size: 16px">  </span></u></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 16px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 16px">Even though I was aware of the fact that one of my teammates has already expressed her concern about our teammate to you</span><span style="font-size: 16px"> </span><span style="font-size: 16px">(</span><span style="font-size: 16px">sin</span><span style="font-size: 16px">ce </span><span style="font-size: 16px">w</span><span style="font-size: 16px">e </span><span style="font-size: 16px">have be</span><span style="font-size: 16px">en shar</span><span style="font-size: 16px">ing th</span><span style="font-size: 16px">ose co</span><span style="font-size: 16px">ncerns</span><span style="font-size: 16px"> all t</span><span style="font-size: 16px">erm</span><span style="font-size: 16px">)</span><span style="font-size: 16px">, </span><span style="font-size: 16px">I was not planning to voice my concerns with you as well in hopes that we could get him to be more engaged. However, I decided I had to inform you of this behavior when we were trying to finalize the project yesterday, and this same teammate told us he disagreed with what was written in some of our sections a couple of hours before the due date, requesting that we update a lot of it. He asked for changes to be made to our project right before it was due, and we agreed to him making some of them. This is simply inappropriate behavior considering that he has not provided feedback on sections when the group asked him, also he doesnŐt bother to show up to most meetings, and is selective about which messages he responds to. </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 16px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 16px">I am concerned that this teammate may jeopardize my success in your class. I also am sensitive to cohort dynamics and would like to keep this email private between you and me if possible. At this point, I just wanted to make you aware of the situation. Please let me know if there is anything specific you would like to know about. </span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 16px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 16px">Thank you very much,</span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 16px">Leon</span></div>
