# Leon's fav quotes:*Created: Thursday, April 5, 2018 at 2:36:53?PM*<div><b>Leon's fav quotes:</b><br></div>
<div><br></div>
<ol>
<li>&quotPositive attitude. Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude. Success is 90 percent mental. You can alter your life by altering your mind. In tough economies, it may not be your fault for being down, but it is certainly your fault for not getting up. You have to be a believer to be an achiever.ė</li>
<li>&quotA salesperson tells, a good salesperson explains . . . and a great salesperson demonstrates.ė</li>
<li>You have to fight when you already feel defeated. A reporter once asked Muhammad Ali how many sit-ups he does every day. He responded, ęI donšt count my sit-ups, I only start counting when it starts hurting, when I feel pain, cause thatšs when it really matters.ė The same applies to success in the workplace. You always have two choices when things begin to get tough: you can either overcome an obstacle and grow in the process or let it beat you. Humans are creatures of habit. If you quit when things get tough, it gets that much easier to quit the next time. On the other hand, if you force yourself to push through a challenge, the strength begins to grow in you.</li>
<li>You have to delay gratification. There was a famous Stanford experiment in which an administrator left a child in a room with a marshmallow for 15 minutes. Before leaving, the experimenter told the child that she was welcome to eat it, but if she waited until he returned without eating it, she would get a second marshmallow. The children that were able to wait until the experimenter returned experienced better outcomes in life, including higher SAT scores, greater career success, and even lower body mass indexes. The point is that delay of gratification and patience are essential to success. People with mental strength know that results only materialize when you put in the time and forego instant gratification.</li>
</ol>
