# Macroeconomics Mid-Term 2:*Created: Friday, February 4, 2022 at 12:47:24?PM*<div><b><span style="font-size: 26px">Macroeconomics </span></b><b><span style="font-size: 26px">Mid-</span></b><b><span style="font-size: 26px">Term 2</span></b><b><span style="font-size: 26px">:</span></b><span style="font-size: 26px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 26px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 26px">Here's a small present: the midterm will cover sections 1A to 3A (excluding 3B on fiscal budgets). I will post the midterm on Camino Friday morning, February 11th and it is due Tuesday, February 15th at midnight submitted in the Assignments tab on Camino (you'll have 5 days to write the exam).</span><span style="font-size: 26px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 26px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 26px">The exam will consist of essays and problems covered in the lectures, text, class discussions and exercises, and problem sets (not the Blinder readings). There will be 4 questions of which you have to answer 3 (so you can exclude 1 question).ĘExams will be open book with free access to class notes and the internet. However, you may not talk about the exam or share answers with anyone, by voice, text, email, or any other type of connection, in person or online.Ę You may turn in justĘ</span><u><span style="font-size: 26px">one</span></u><span style="font-size: 26px">Ędocument, eitherĘ</span><u><span style="font-size: 26px">Word or PDF format</span></u><span style="font-size: 26px">. No other file formats will be accepted. The exam must be typed but photos of graphs or calculations can be copied into the Word or PDF file. You will be asked to sign a statement affirming your commitment to following the SCU academic integrity pledge. Violation of this pledge will earn you an F in the course.ĘExams will be put through plagiarism software to check for cheating or plagiarism.</span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 26px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 26px">I've posted some practice exam questions on Camino to help you study.Ę Feel free to email me while you are writing the exam if you have questions.</span></div>
