# The top 10 in-demand tech jobs in Silicon Valley for 2023 are:*Created: Wednesday, June 14, 2023 at 3:51:02?PM*<div><span style="font-size: 19px">The top 10 in-demand tech jobs in Silicon Valley for 2023 are:</span></div>
<ol>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">Business Analyst:</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px"> These professionals gather requirements and spot trends. Even without formal qualifications, organizations are hiring candidates with experience in this area.</span></li>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">Project Manager:</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px"> These professionals were number one on the list last year and are still proving popular as organizations roll out their digital transformation. You'll need to be a strong leader with good communication skills to excel in this role.</span></li>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">.NET Developer:</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px"> This role focuses on programming for Microsoft Windows. If you're able to code for apps and other software with languages such as C# or VB.NET, then there are roles available.</span></li>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">Data Analyst:</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px"> Data analysts take the information provided by engineers to solve problems and help deliver insights. Those with experience and qualifications are popular among employers, but there are learning opportunities available as demand outweighs supply.</span></li>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">Java Developer:</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px"> Java is one of the core programming languages used by software engineers. Those proficient in Java will have a range of opportunities in 2023, whether it's at a start-up or a multinational company.</span></li>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">Software Engineer:</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px"> Software engineers design and create a range of systems and applications for organizations. If you're interested in becoming a software engineer, you'll need to make sure you have the right skills.</span></li>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">Data Engineer:</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px"> This role entails building systems to compile data and provide analytics to the right people in the business.</span></li>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">DevOps Engineer:</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px"> Those in this role have a broader remit than in many tech jobs, working with developers and operations in building and deploying new releases.</span></li>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">Scrum Master:</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px"> These are the facilitators for establishing scrum. A successful scrum master would be an expert in agile methodologies and an effective communicator.</span></li>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">Change Manager:</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px"> With strong communication skills and a track record of delivering change, these people will oversee the project methodology mostly related to digital transformation?</span><font color="#E4AF0A"><span style="font-size: 19px">1</span></font><span style="font-size: 19px">?.</span></li>
</ol>
