# To find the General Contractor for the project, you would need to╔*Created: Monday, November 6, 2023 at 1:36:19?PM*<div><span style="font-size: 19px">To find the General Contractor for the project, you would need to conduct the search using the methods I've mentioned by reaching out to the San Jose Planning Department, local real estate firms involved in the property transaction, or the architectural firm that filed the proposal if their name is available. These entities should have the most current information on the project and should be able to tell you if a GC has been appointed yet.</span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">To find out who the General Contractor (GC) on the San Jose affordable housing project is, you will need to follow these steps:</span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<ul>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">		San Jose Planning Department</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px">: Given that a proposal is on file with the San Jose Planning Department, you could contact them directly for information about the project. They might have public records that include the name of the GC.</span></li>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">		Public Records Request</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px">: You can file a public records request with the City of San Jose for any documents related to the project at 1190 Hillsdale Avenue. These documents often include contracts, permits, and applications that name the GC.</span></li>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">		California Partners Brochure</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px">: Since the marketing brochure by California Partners mentioned the sale of the retail strip center, they may have knowledge of the new project being proposed. Contacting them could yield information on the development company, which might lead you to the GC.</span></li>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">		Local Real Estate News</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px">: Check real estate news outlets and press releases in the Bay Area. They often cover large developments and might report on the entities involved in such projects.</span></li>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">		SB 330 Application</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px">: Projects expedited under SB 330 could have documentation available through public records, which could name the project's GC.</span></li>
<li><b><span style="font-size: 19px">		Building Permits</span></b><span style="font-size: 19px">: Once building permits are filed, they become a matter of public record. These permits will usually include the name of the GC and can be obtained through a records request with the cityšs building department.</span><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></li>
</ul>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px"><br></span></div>
<div><span style="font-size: 19px">Remember that early in the development phase, a GC might not yet be selected until after the project is approved and funded. If that is the case, staying updated with the city planning meetings, local development news, or the planning department's notices could eventually provide the information once it is decided.</span></div>
<div><br></div>
