# Unocal decided to invest in the project. The company felt that theÉ*Created: Monday, August 1, 2022 at 9:13:50?PM*<div><u><span style="font-size: 21px">Unocal decided to invest in the project. The company felt that the benefits to itself and the people of Burma and Thailand outweighed the risks. Moreover, the company would later assert, &quotengagement&quot rather than &quotisolation&quot was &quotthe proper course to achieve social and political change in developing countries with repressive governments... Based on nearly four decades of experience in Asia, [Unocal] believes that engagement is by far the more effective way to strengthen emerging economies and promote more open societies.&quot Unocal was attracted to Burma for several reasons. First, labor was cheap and relatively educated. Second, Burma was rich in natural gas resources. Third, Burma was an entry point into other international markets, particularly in and around Southeast Asia. Finally the political environment was extremely stable. Burma suffers a high infant mortality rate (87 deaths per 1000 live births) and a low life expectancy (53 years for males and 56 for females). The natural gas project would provide significant benefits to the impoverished nation.The only real problem the company saw with the project was that the government of Burma is a military dictatorship accused of violating the human rights of the Burmese people. In 1988, after crushing major countrywide pro-democracy demonstrations, Burma's military had seized power and made the State Law and Order Restoration Council (SLORC) head of the government. The SLORC, which was made up of 19 senior military officers, imposed martial law on the country.</span></u></div>
